court to cloud.
>> Okay. Um I'm going to call to order the
town of Andover Board of Selectmen
special meeting for Friday, June 19th,
2026. We're going to get started at
12:01.
Um our first item on the agenda is the
Pledge of Allegiance.
I pledge allegiance to the flag of the
United States of America, to the
republic for which it stands, one nation
under God, indivisible, with liberty and
justice for all. Uh item two is a public
speak. So, uh we'll start with Diane
Grineer. She was on first.
>> Yeah, I really don't have much to say
other than um God, I I hope this is
coming to an end. Uh poor test. I think
she's got whiplash here. Back and forth,
back and forth. And I'm just happy to
see that this is probably going to come
to an end and that would be wonderful.
Um
>> just just hire and get this over with.
Thank you.
>> She's already hired. This is just a
contract. So Tess,
sorry about my dog.
Oh, I have um nothing to say right now.
>> Is that what you were asking me?
>> Uh public speak.
>> Okay. No, no, thank you.
>> You don't want to you don't want to
participate?
>> Uh I will. Are you are you going to be
discussing it with me the whole the
whole thing or as we move on out of
public speak? Am I going to have the
chance the opportunity to speak or
>> Well, you can you can speak during the
whole thing. The our whole purpose of
being here is to approve the contract
that's in front of us. And I understand
you have an issue which I'll address
with the other members beforehand. If
you want to speak about it, you feel
free.
>> Yeah, I'm Well, okay. I I'll speak. Um I
I think that there's a lot of uh
misinformation that's being shared uh
that perhaps um we can make light on
today. Um one is uh what the charter
says, one what other uh employment
agreements with other people in the
community have what my um
uh contract is going to look like. And
so, um, yeah, I think that hopefully
we'll be able to shed some light on that
today. That's it.
>> Specifically, are you referring to Tess
is something that's in the charter?
Somebody's
somebody's brought something up that's
in the charter that's a problem with
your contract.
>> Um, well, I let me just hide it if you
bear with me one second.
I'm sorry, Tess, you hold that for one
second.
>> Yep, we'll do.
>> Kim Haw Kim Haw
public speak.
Kim, we can't hear you.
Okay, Troy Ben, public speak.
Okay, since no neither one of them can
come off mute, we're going to sit there
and uh we're going to move on to the
meeting and Tess, we're going to
incorporate you in the discussion of the
contract.
>> Thanks.
>> Right. Just let's do this in a simple
way. So, uh all the members uh we have a
contract. The contract was reviewed by
the labor attorney. The um
uh
the issues related to this contract were
uh one was the section I believe seven
uh section 8 separation from employment.
Um the section 8 was related to the just
cause uh clauses that were initially in
the agreement and there was some
discussion from other members of the
board related to making it an at will
employee. So um at our last meeting we
voted to make the section 8 uh just
cause. Now I will tell you uh Tess has
uh issues also related into that section
which basically everything comes in
uh everything comes into that section
and the issue that Tess primarily has is
that the uh removal for the community
and senior center position is a three
fifths vote. Uh in the charter there are
positions such as
the tax collector, the assessor,
uh the department of public works, and
the town administrator that are
four-fifths vote called out by charter.
Um
the reason those were put in the charter
is simply because each one of those
positions has a um
if you don't continue with those
positions and you have a political fight
over those positions, you will cause
significant trauma to the operation of
the town.
>> Operation of the town, right?
>> Yeah. So you can sit there and uh say
that uh you know the charter has not
been changed. So Tess and I have had
this conversation. So let's go this way.
So Tess is would like us to consider
making it a four-fifths vote. Um it is
not in the charter. Um, I was sitting
there, we put it as three-fifths because
that aligns with the charter and that
aligns with
what the board was looking for. Um,
the full fifths five people board. So,
um,
I understand what Tess is asking for.
It's not in the charter and I
I honestly just want to approve the
contract and move on. Tess would like as
much and listen, Tess has every right to
want to have as much protection she
possibly can get because this board has
not done a good job by her. So,
if the board would want to consider four
fifths, we could consider four fifths
and make the change. If the board wants
to approve the current current contract,
um we can approve the current contract
as is and then it's up to Tess to decide
what she wants to do related to signing.
So, anybody on the on the board have any
issues?
>> I would I would like to to see this uh
just pushed forward right now. Tess, I
understand that you've been beat up, but
we we need to get this moving and get
this behind us
and
Um,
this is the first that I had heard about
this question, but um, sorry, my phone's
moving. Um,
I tend to think I'd want to go with what
the charter has. And if the charter
doesn't talk about the four fifths for
community center, I think I would stick
with the three-fifths.
>> Yeah. And and go ahead, Tess.
>> Yeah. I I would agree to that, but my
position is not
>> Oh,
>> Ann, put your phone on mute. And Troy,
Ben, please put your phone on mute.
>> Thank you.
>> Yeah. Ann, I understand um I understand
that looking at the charter, um it does
list all of the administrative
positions. The town of Andover did not
have a senior center director at that
time and nor has it been updated um at
all to put that position in there.
That's why I was asking for the four
fifths to align with all the other um
administrative positions which all have
just cause and four-fifth vote.
>> Yeah. But you know, as Jeff stated,
those are things that would shut the
town down whe
>> you know, and it's not in the charter.
And you know, there's no reason why when
we do redo the charter, if we ever do in
the future, we can look at that. But
right now, it's, you know, I I know
Tessy, you would like to have a a
contract that's signed, you know, and we
can move this forward. Yes. I think that
that getting this signed today would
>> help you out a lot.
Well, well, I I and Tess, I do
understand and I would sit there and say
if we do a chartreer revision, um, you
know, there's been calls for a charter
revision for removal of uh first
selectman from uh office. And so, if it
ever gets uh moved out, I would I would
sit there and happily put the uh the
senior center director up there on the
the charter revision for the rest of the
public to vote on. So, um I just I would
sit there and tell you Tess like
I'm I would want and and it was the
discussions we've had. I would want to
just get this approved because the push
back that that will go out there on
social media in the negative way
>> is not going to be beneficial for any of
the four of us who are sitting on on on
this call right now that are
participating. I mean, everybody here is
all involved, but the three members of
the board of selectmen in Utest, if we
do change this and make this adjustment,
um,
I don't think that the pu I think the
push back from all those people that
like to be on social media spouting
whatever they spout is not going to help
us. Um and and I I would also sit there
and tell you as I said there um I would
hope from this group of three people and
from whoever else gets appointed to this
board that we would not be sitting there
talking about your contract or your uh
position. We would be talking about the
successes of the community center moving
forward. So
>> I I I agree Jeff. I really do. I just
wanted to go on record that it doesn't
state that in the in in um it's not that
the charter is in conflict with the
contract. It's just that position is not
in there. So there is no conflict. I
just want that to be um stated.
>> Understood. Okay. So, um, with that
being said, if there's no push back from
any of the other members of the board,
I'd like to make a motion, um, uh, that,
and just so everybody's aware, the
contract is for three years.
>> All right.
>> Okay. So, that was what we also
discussed that um, in our last um,
review of the contract. It's a
three-year contract with a with the just
clause termination issues in the in the
contract as is. And the compensation was
uh related to both the senior center
director and the um
uh
oh my gosh, the uh
>> municipal agent social
>> municipal agent position. Sorry about
that.
um
>> social services. Those are
>> municipal municipal agent and social
services. Yes.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay. And those are both in
the current budget.
>> All right. So, I'd like to make a motion
that uh the board of selectmen
authorizes the first selectman to sign
the uh contract with test grass as uh
the uh community uh
the Andover community and senior center
director and the municipal agent for the
elderly and social services coordinator
uh with the contract effective July 1st
with an ending date of June 30th, 2029.
And
>> second and I'll second.
>> Okay. And we'll second. Uh further
discussion on the contract.
>> No. Uh and how do you vote?
>> I
>> uh Scott
>> and Jeff Magcguire I. So three nothing.
Um Tess, thank thank sorry for all of
the problems. Uh glad to get this over
with and uh you will have your cake on
Monday.
Thank you.
>> Is that okay?
>> That sounds great. Thank you so much.
>> All right. Thank you. Um uh one one
other thing. Um
and just from the board standpoint, uh
Matt, you're on this call. Matt, I would
like all of the contracts
uh inclusive of the community center
director with your contract when we get
it finished because we haven't had the
time the the opportunity to finish your
contract. Um um I want all the contracts
in a binder in the t in the town clerk's
office. All what I would like is a
binder of all current contracts. And I
would like a binder of all previous
contracts kept in the town clerk's
office for the review by anyone in the
community that wants to come in and look
at them.
>> Yes, sir. We'll take care of that.
>> All right. Thank you. Um
since we're done, we only had one issue
on the agenda. I I'm going to move on to
public speak and Tess, do you want to go
first?
>> No, just thank you very much for your
support. Look forward to next.
>> Quiet three years.
>> Amen.
>> All right, we're good. Diane Graner,
>> I guess all I need to say is yippi. I'm
happy to see that this is over. Thank
you very much and congratulations, Tess.
and um you're doing a wonderful job and
I think most of the seniors will agree
with me that we're just happy to see
this over and done. Thank you.
>> Okay, Troy Ben.
>> Uh yeah, I just had a couple questions.
Um in her resignation later letter
letter on the 29th, she made some
allegations of misconduct and
unprofessional behavior. Were those
investigated? Who did she report that
stuff to? Town HR,
um, etc., etc. I'm just a little nervous
just because there's been a lawsuit
between this issue. I don't want to see
us be opened up to potential future
lawsuits.
>> Okay. Anything else on public speak,
Troy?
>> Uh, no, that's about it.
>> Okay. All right. Thank you very much.
Um, we'll address those uh later. We do
not need to address them during public
speak right now. public speak is only to
ask uh to reiterate a public personal
opinion, not to sit there and have a a
discourse between the board. So, and
then I have a Zoom user left. Uh I don't
know who that is, but if you'd like to
sit there and make a comment, feel free
to come off of mute.
Okay. Um
everybody, I thank you for coming to the
meetings. Um, enjoy the weekend. Uh, go
Scotland. Looking forward to it. So, um,
see, I got it. Let's go. Uh, everybody,
uh, enjoy the weekend. And, uh, I'm
going to make a motion to adjourn.
>> I'll second that.
>> All right, Scott. Second it. All those
in favor? I. All right, Tess. Thank you
very much for everything, Tess, and I do
apologize for all of the problems.
>> I appreciate it. Thank you so much. See
you guys. Yeah. Byebye.